mr. Perlmutter thank you so much for
that phone I can show you around that'd
be great thank you so what do you do
around here
read books transcribe music swim this
river fill out at night sounds fun
alright later so they made it be quit of
it understood just watch us always say
goodbye to us when the time comes later
meanwhile we'll have to put up with him
for six long weeks muscles are firm not
a straight body in these statues they're
all curved sometimes impossible curved
and so nonchalant hence their ageless
ambiguity as if they're daring you to
desire all to see without my eyes
is there anything you don't know oh by
the time I only knew how little I know
about the things that matter what things
that matter flying you know what thank
you sir
shouldn't said anything just pretend you
never good nature have coming wave come
by here and I'll call you
[Music]